[Fundamentals] Update http-headers.mdx (#19516)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/fundamentals/reference/http-headers.mdx

:::note
When configuring WAF custom rules, do not match on this header. These rules are applied before Cloudflare adds the `CF-Worker` header. Instead, use the [`cf.worker.upstream_zone`](/ruleset-engine/rules-language/fields/reference/cf.worker.upstream_zone/) field, which contains the same value and exists for the same purpose.

> To block just the one worker, add a `Block` action triggered by the expression `cf.worker.upstream_zone eq "example.com"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To block a specific Worker, add a `Block` action triggered by the expression `cf.worker.upstream_zone eq "example.com"`.
```
